---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/post_2.jpg
navigation: True
title: Free Health Checkup
tags: [health checkup]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
---

A wonderful day for us at Rotaract Club, IIT Jodhpur. As today was the implementation day for which we had prepared through these many days. Finally, the day assigned to free health checkup for labourers, mess workers, security guards, cleanliness workers and many more was out. The first part included was making them aware about the health camp and trying to reach as many people as possible. This work was wonderfully implemented by volunteers who participated whole-heartedly by physically reaching out to the people and informing them. People were eager towards attending the programme. As the clock went past twelve, people started coming to the decided place, Health Centre, IIT Jodhpur. A team of 15 doctors from Dental Department, Vyas Institute of Higher Education, were present serving the patients. Many equipments were made available by them for treatments and minor surgeries. For the eye checkup, three eye specialists under Dr. Robin Bhandari were also present. And specialized doctors like a gynaecologist Dr. Nayanika Gaur attended the session followed by a physician Dr. Nadeem. The entire medical team was supported by volunteers from Rotaract Club. The volunteers worked in shifts under a proper architecture to make the event successfull. Upto 6 in the evening around 128 people gained treatment under the team. Medicines collected from students were also distributed to the required. The entire event was possible due to the active participation of Rotoract Club, IIT Jodhpur and Rotary Club, Padmini in collaboration with certain medical institutions. A great day for the organizers as well as the attendees.