---
layout: post
title: "Ganesh Chaturthi"
date:  2019-09-02
author: ""
excerpt: "Om Vakratunra Mahakaya Surya Koti Samaprabha.
Nirvighnam Kuru Me Deva, Sarva Karyesu Sarvada"
image: ""
is_pinned: false
---

O Ganesha! with a massive body, curved elephant trunk and with brilliance more than billions of Sun, May there be no obstacles in the path of my endeavours. Also known as Vighnaharta, Lord Ganesha is believed to be the remover of obstacles, patron of science and arts and the deva of wisdom. He is often referred as the God of Beginnings and is honoured at the start of rites and ceremonies.
He was popularly known to be the son of Lord Shiva and Devi Parvati and the birth day is celebrated as a famous Hindu festival, Ganesh Chaturthi falling in the months of August or September. This year it is being celebrated on the 2nd of September.
The festival includes installation of Ganesha idols, chanting of vedic hymns, prayers and fasting. Modaka is believed to be the favourite delicacy of the lord. The festival ends on the tenth day after start and the Sthapith idol is carried with music and group chanting in a public procession to be immersed into a nearby sacred river or sea.
This year, celebrate an Eco-smart Ganesh Chaturthi by ditching idols made of chemicals, plaster of paries and thermocol and opt for natural biodegradable idols, keep the size small and sweet, replace fairy lights with CFLs, use natural colours for rangoli etc. Be Eco-conscious and go Eco-friendly!
Ganpati Bappa Moreya!
