---
layout: post
title:  "International Day Commemorating the Victims of Acts of Violence Based on Religion or Belief"
date:   2019-08-21
author: ""
excerpt: "'On this Day, we reaffirm our unwavering support for the victims of violence based on religion and belief. And we demonstrate that support by doing all in our power to prevent such attacks and demanding that those responsible are held accountable.' — UN Secretary-General, António Guterres"
image: ""
is_pinned: false
---

The United Nations General Assembly adopted a resolution proclaiming 22 August as the International Day Commemorating the Victims of Acts of Violence based on Religion or Belief. This is not only to commemorate, but also to condemn the surge in religious intolerance worldwide. Addressing these issues on a global platform is needed now more than ever. 

On a national level, India has witnessed horrifying cases of religious and communal riots. When we go in depth of such scenarios, we find our constitutional rights at stake. There has been a terrifying violation of the Right to Freedom of Opinion and Expression. To protect these rights, several laws were imposed by the government, the anti conversion law being one of them. It was enacted as the Gujarat Freedom of religion Act, 2003 to prohibit conversions from one religion to another by the use of force or fraudulent means. India also prohibits hate speech by several sections of the Indian Penal Code.

Despite laws like these, such cases don't seem to slow down. Innocents are killed, families ruined, cities destroyed, just for the sake of religious supremacy. It is high time now that the 21st century reacts to these brutal riots and crimes.The inhumane injustice that has been happening round the globe needs to be ceased at the earliest. The test for humanity begins at the moment. The situation calls for a stronger stand, stringent laws and a secular state. 