---
layout: post
title:  "Installation Ceremony"
date:   2019-09-18
author: ""
excerpt: "The Rotaract club of IIT Jodhpur successfully celebrated its motivational and encouraging Installation Ceremony."
image: "/images/post_17.png"
is_pinned: false
---




<center><b>Installation Ceremony</b></center>

The Rotaract club of IIT Jodhpur celebrated its installation ceremony on Wednesday, 18th September 2019. The ceremony was held to lay a stronger foundation for the activities of the club and to install the new team for the coming year.

The event highlighted the basic principal on which the club works-
'Rotaract is a partner of Rotary, the world's largest association for social services. Being a part of the Rotary International, it is our shared responsibility to take actions on the world's most pressing issues like peace promotion, fighting diseases, and education for all. It is a platform for all to perform.

The ceremony was graced by the presence of District Governor Nominee Rotarian Sanjay Malviya as our chief guest. We were blessed to have our respected Director Dr Santanu Chaudhary to shower his support on the club. Rotary Padmini president Rotarian Rajshree Chowdhary was also present in the meeting without whose help the club wouldn't have learnt and grown. Rtn Niyati Lodha motivated them by explaining how Rotaract club helps them grow as individuals.

Outgoing President, Rotaractor Akhil Kumar Singh presented his report for the past year and activities of Rotaract. Further DGN Rotarian Sanjay Malviya installed the new President of the club, Rtr. Sonal Jaiswal and also her team for the next year of activities. DGN Sanjay Malviya also gave an insight into the rotaract movement.

Our new Rotaract President Sonal Jaiswal graced the stage and delivered her words of acceptance. Respected Director Sir enlightened the audience with his words of encouragement and support for the club.

The ceremony was brought to an end by an official vote of thanks proposed by Secretary Rtr Diwakar Twinwal, followed by the National Anthem.



