---
layout: post
title: "Janmashtmi"
date:  2019-08-24
author: ""
excerpt: "Whenever there will be a predominance of evil and decline of religion, I will reincarnate to kill the evil and to save the good."
image: "/images/post_13.jpg"
is_pinned: false
---

Krishna Janmashtami, one of the biggest festivals celebrated all over
India. Birth of Shri Krishna is considered as descending of Lord 
Vishnu himself on Earth. Krishna is known for his mischievousness, 
romantic lover, saviour of Dharma, author and narrator of one of the 
greatest Indian scriptures Bhagavat Gita.

In Mathura and Vrindavan, the celebrations of Krishna Janmashtami are
very grand. Lord Krishna is said to be the powerful incarnations of 
Lord Vishnu who came to earth to end the rule of injustice and 
adharma. In North India, breaking of Dahi Handi is very popular, 
people make pyramids and then break Handi, several competitions are 
also held in different parts of India. An elaborate puja is done in 
temples and households to Lord Krishna late in the evening. On thisday,
the people of the households prepare foods that are his favourite and 
are given as nivedhanam.

There is a popular saying in Bhagavad Gita, **Whenever there will be a predominance of evil and decline of religion, I will reincarnate to kill the evil and to save the good.** The festival of Janmashtami  
encourages goodwill and to dissuade malice. The day is observed as a 
sacred occasion that celebrates togetherness and faith.

If you think that the image in the post is yours then feel free to drop a mail to [rotaractclub@iitj.ac.in](mailto:rotaractclub@iitj.ac.in) with URL of the image so that we can give you the credit.  