---
layout: post
title:  "YEAR FLASHBACK 2019!"
date:   2019-12-30
author: ""
excerpt: ""
image: "/images/post_19.jpg"
is_pinned: true
---

The previous year had been full of great achievements and experiences for the Rotaract Club of IITJ.
Club has achieved a milestone by obtaining an overall 29th rank among 117 Rotaract organizations all over the world this year for the project, International Literacy Day-Literacy for Change project, organized by Rotaract Club of Islamabad.

The Rotaract Club undertook various social welfare and development activities.
Several Village Visits were organized throughout the semester to educate village children and spread literacy among them. It is necessary to increase the literacy rate among the rural population.

The Tree Plantation Campaign was one successful initiative. To beat the scorching heat and to beautify our campus, the Rotaract club organised a tree plantation drive on the IITJ Institute Foundation Day. Despite the unexpected rains, everyone was dedicated and willing to complete the task and also enjoyed themselves.
 
A Cloth Donation Drive was also organized by the club. Rotaractors collected clothes from students and faculty members across the campus and distributed them among workers working in the construction sites.

On 15th October, 2019, Global Handwashing Day was celebrated by the club. The lady workers were explained about the importance of washing hands, steps of washing hands properly along with saving water and also about diseases caused by not maintaining cleanliness. They were also requested to look after washing habits at their households and teach their children. Sweets and safety gloves were distributed to them.

A talk was hosted by the club on Mental Health Awareness by Dr Smita Shah. She explained the importance of maintaining a proper mental health and how important it is for the mind to be at peace. The talk also covered aspects of entrepreneurship and startups.
As a part of the Unnat Bharat Abhyaan, a 'Say No To Plastic' campaign was launched by the club. Plastic waste across the campus was collected, usage of 'single use' plastic was discouraged. Also, Jute Bags were distributed within the campus.

The club started a 'Clean and Green India Mission' to spread the message of conserving the environment and also to maintain cleanliness.

By the creative re-use of plastic and re-usable material like thermocol, Rotaractors have planted snake plants, aloe vera etc. The plants are constantly being maintained.

As a part of the Jal Shakti Abhyaan launched by the MHRD, the Rotaract Club spread the word of saving water and stopping water wastage. This was done through social media, by making rangolis, through poetry etc.

The club organised a Village Visit for Blood Donation Camp for the villagers in the local village school, to overcome the shortage of blood in winter when cases of  Swine flu and Crimean-Congo haemorrhagic (Congo) fever are on peak. The club aimed at making the villagers understand the need of blood donations.

The year has been full of enthusiasm and great initiatives for the Rotaract Club.
We  extend our New Year Wishes to everyone and pray for a year that is full of new beginnings and happiness!
