---
layout: post
title:  "Independence Day"
date:   2019-08-15
author: ""
excerpt: "May the sun in his course visit no land more free, 
more happy, more lovely, than this our own country! 
- Bhagat Singh"
image: "/images/post_7.jpg"
is_pinned: false
---

Whenever we hear  “Independence Day” is it only about patriotic songs, a little function with children running around with flags, and a stall of samosas? Has the sense of true independence reduced to this miniature of a party with songs? Are those children aware of the blood that had flown 72 years back, to grant this independence?

Let us not forget the sacrifice of those freedom fighters who gave their lives for the motherland. We need to hold the spirit of patriotism close to our heart and soul. When we look at the youth of the nation, we see a surge of technologically advanced minds. If we add the sense of patriotism to this flow of intelligence, there can surely be a much advanced India. In the 21st century, the feeling of nationalism needs to be instilled in the minds of the population in a manner that drives them to work forward for the nation.

It is time now to have a stronger country that is independent from all evil practices, cruel mentalities and social injustice. The independence that we celebrate today is hard earned by those brave hearts who led down their lives for us. On our 73rd Independence Day let us vow to protect our motherland and make strides in all aspects of the society that makes those gallantry souls proud.

Image Source -  [https://www.financialexpress.com/india-news/independence-day-20188-traffic-restrictions-in-delhi-from-monday/1278372/](https://www.financialexpress.com/india-news/independence-day-20188-traffic-restrictions-in-delhi-from-monday/1278372/)