---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/post_6.jpg
navigation: True
title: Eid and Shrawan
tags: [festival]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
---

Today is a very auspicious and a holy day as it is the last Monday of the Shrawan month and also sacred festival Eid-ul-Adha also known as Great Eid. This entire Shrawan month especially Mondays are considered devotional for the Hindu religion and similarly this Great Eid is a holy Muslim activity that blesses, sacrifices, pray and food every year around the world.

According to the Hindu religion, Shravan month, in particular, holds a lot of significance for the devotees of Lord Shiva. The word “Shiva” connotes Kalyan (welfare). In spite of being an eternal God, Lord Shiva has come to acquire the role of a creator, preserver and destroyer of this mundane world.

Similarly Eid-ul-Adha is festival for sacrifice. Prayer, sheep massacre, gathering, entertainment are the major contents of this festival. Eid-ul-Adha is celebrated by offering morning prayers and enjoying the feast. After praying in the morning people meet with family and friends and spent time together.

Henceforth, this day is a strong message from the God that whatever religion we follow, whatever rituals we follow ,everybody celebrates the occasion to get His blessings and this day symbolizes love, fraternity and service to humanity. So we should all commit ourselves to these universal values that represent our composite culture.

We thank [PARHLO](https://www.parhlo.com/11-reasons-to-stop-misconceiving-the-love-between-hindus-and-muslims/) for the cover image of this post.
